unu dice: add "-f <format>" option to avoid annoyances...
unu dice: be able to more directly control the formatting of the filenames
  (such as # of zeros)

make system really botched: change the size of the tenFiberContext
(added a field or two), do a make ten/install, then cd ../push; rm -f test/pusher
make install; make; and you'll STILL get memory errors due to seeing 
library/object files which use the older context size.  Do a top-level
make clobber, and then things work.  This is crap.
I think the problem is that development object files of push were not
recompiled when they should have been- doing a make clobber; make in push
solved the problem...

unu save -f nrrd -e text produces a text file that does not end w/ newline

unu: jhisto works with axis[0] elements when given a single nrrd

gage: re-modularize to facilitate probing bricked data

gage: consider changing gageProbe() to take position both in index and
unit world space, since many programs only care about unit world space

air: make airOneLine return number of bytes read; current return
  of string length is entirely redundant with return of strlen()
  and then enable the ftell() check after PNG magic read

nrrd: generalize I/O so that magic needn't be on line by itself
nrrd: allow nrrd header I/O to and from strings
nrrd: add support for VFF file format

bin/unu: valgrid parsing of encoding stuff

fix "gkms pvg": try to reproduce problem with mouse data

qbert: downsmpl x+y, upsmplpad on Z error about unequal centers

qbert on cygwin: running out of memory w/out error

tend epireg: figure out how to do fitting without HST estimation

mite big changes -----------------
- do precomputation of opacity volume when required for tensor shading

gage changes into bane:
teem\src\bane\hvol.c(167) : warning C4700: local variable 'hist' used
  without having been initialized
- try gkms hvol with three explicit ranges
- remove excess NULL pointer checks between answer and answer wrapper
- valgrind



finish big changes
- ADD gkms back into teem bins!

teem: fix bugs in teem makefile stuff: 
- HUGE PROBLEM: make a change in nrrdEnums.h, which unrrdu/project.c 
  uses directly. recompile, and nrrd gets compiled, but not unrrdu,
  so unu doesn't get updated correctly!
- want seperate directories for static and shared libraries
- want bin/dev and bin/install targets

ell: debug SVD of things based on negative eigenvalues
 - add flag to say: always positive sv's, or always right-handed rotations

leaf: do it

DESTROY the airType* enum! I wasted quite awhile debugging a problem caused by:
  if (nrrdAlloc(nout, airTypeFloat, 3, size[0], size[1], size[2])) { ...
Do you see the problem?  Grrr.

PLEASE figure out why I can't say

   -t "unsigned char"

to unu make, unu convert and the like.
Does it have to do with airStrtokQuoting?
Why not? I hate this crap.

debug rendering of ML with windowed sinc

hest: add { } commenting

nrrd: have to add more internal types to stuff in arith.c for these:
new nrrdBinaryOps: bit-wise and (&), or (|), xor (^)
new nrrdUnaryOps: bit-wise not (^), expm1


SEGFAULT:  in muse/usr/sci/data/Medical/cat-array/bisti/rend
gkms hvol -s a:-1200,6000 a:0,3100 a:-1000,1000 -i CFC.nrrd -o CFC-hvol.nrrd 

nrrd: speed up nrrdCCFind

bane: finish updating tutorial

nrrd: nrrdKernel*Parse should allocate the thing and return it, instead of
returning an int error code 

dye: see if dyeColorParse should allocate the thing and return it

FAQ on teem coding standards
Banks's policy.txt:
 - documenting cross-code assumptions and dependencies

image registration tool for small translational errors

air: make floating point stuff more like C++: lots of per-arch #defines

echo: test textured lights

bin/emap: allow generating envmaps useful for specular highlights

mite: add diffuse and specular envmap

make: figure out shared libraries on cygwin.
make: Test that shared libraries work everywhere they should.

limn: make it smarter- so that joining parts together is possible in a
way that facilitates transformations and correct drawing.  This really
requires general data structures for 2-D graphics primatives...

make: finish documenting how GNUMake works for teem

unrrdu: standardize hest framework for doing unu/gkms/tend style programs

dye: colormaps

dye: hest callbacks

air:  think about implementing a fabs() and dabs() with bitmasking

nrrd: figure out some framework for lazy evaluation stuff

write a paper about nrrd!
include a list of published papers using teem:
Kindlmann: Superquadric Tensor Glyphs
Kindlmann Vis03: Curvature-Based Transfer Functions
Lefohn Vis03: Interactive Deformation and Visualization of Level Set Surfaces Using Graphics Hardware
Lefohn TVCG July/August 04: A Streaming Narrow-Band Algorithm: Interactive Computation and Visualization of Level Sets
Kniss VisSym04: Medical Applications of Multi-field Volume Rendering and VR Techniques
Deschamps TVCG04: Fast Evolution of Image Manifolds and Application to Filtering and Segmentation in 3D Medical Images
ikits Vis03: A Constraint-based Technique for Haptic Volume Exploration
fout Eurovis 05: High-Quality Rendering of Compressed Volume Data Formats
callahan TVCG May/June 05: Hardware-Assisted Visibility Sorting for Unstructured Volume Rendering
